01/14/2025
I am trying to port this to processing.js
I went ahead and made a copy of the file.  It is hard enough to try to make it work to also think about not breaking the Java version.  I am thinking best case I will have a patch that I apply to make it the web version and the development can happen on the Java version.

I got it to the point where I could get it to go to level one but with no sound.  I have a sound system in place which ChatGPT constructed but I need to make it operate according to the "don't load sound before user clicks" rule.  I also haven't gotten the menus to work.  I have to skip to the first level.  Some reason the key that is supposed to be concatinated on comes out as a function.  So I think I might need to pass the key value into the sub functions as an argument.  However however the man moving works so I will have to look into that.

01/15/2025
I figured out the key problem.  In Javascript apparently vars and functions are in the same namespace and the key function which is used to create a key overrides the key which is pressed for movement.  The problem is that both sides of this conflict are a protocol.  The key is the function which is called to create a key.  If I change it, then I won't be able to copy levels which have keys in it in unmodifed.  I know.  I can change it and then provide an alias to it closer in scope to where it is needed.
Ok. We are getting closer but now we are getting keycodes instead of the actual key.
I now have an issue that the backspace key doesn't seem to be captured.
I figure I will need to hook the key myself in a Javascript sort of way.

That worked.  Now I need to do the same for ESC.

01/16/2025
It is suddenly loading a level.  I don't know what I changed.  Something strange is that when a menu is open all the boundaries become thicker.

You can start level 1 now.  However when you die everything goes away.
Also you can't enter into edit mode.
I suppose I will start making a list of things that should be fixed so that I don't have to remember.

So the way todo will work in here is that as I do things I will move them above the todo and they will become part of the thinking document.  Otherwise they will stay at the end of the thinking document.

So I sorted them and the main thing I need to fix right now is that when you die everything goes away.

[x] When you die everything goes away.

I had a reference to the sad_sound clip.  Now the You had a sad.  Press r. menu  will not go away when I press r.

[x] You can't press r after you die.

It was a weird error where Java chars become a special Character class, so my key hack needed to be wrapped further.   Huh.... I wonder if key was allready a Char...  It was.  So now I need to figure out how to concatinate a char onto a string.

[x] You can't get into edit mode.

So now I want to get sound working.
Got it working.

[x] sound doesn't work

Now going to make the sketch full screen.  I mean full window.

[x] sketch isn't fullscreen.

Now full screen works.

---todo.

[ ] Make it so that when you save, it downloads the file.

[ ] Make it so that when you go to load it offers for you to upload a file.

[ ] lines get thicker when you are in menues.




